Update community resources for migration guides (#11376)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-wordpress.mdx

  <LinkCard title="Headless WordPress with Astro – Build a Simple Blog from Scratch with Tailwind CSS" href="https://fullstackdigital.io/blog/headless-wordpress-with-astro-build-a-simple-blog/" />
  <LinkCard title="Building an E-commerce Website with Headless WordPress and Astro" href="https://shaxadd.medium.com/building-an-e-commerce-website-with-headless-wordpress-and-astro-2712d8c8b735" />
  <LinkCard title="How to Convert a Wordpress blog to an Astro Static Site" href="https://blog.okturtles.org/2024/10/convert-wordpress-to-static-site/" />
  <LinkCard title="Why I switched from WordPress to Astro" href="https://dev.to/fratzinger/why-i-switched-from-wordpress-to-astro-5ge" />
  <LinkCard title="Building a Headless WordPress Site with Astro" href="https://wpengine.com/builders/building-headless-wordpress-site-astro/" />
  <LinkCard title="Why I ditched WordPress for Astro" href="https://vbartalis.xyz/en/blog/why-i-ditched-wordpress-for-astro-js/" />
  <LinkCard title="Building an Astro Website with WordPress as a Headless CMS" href="https://blog.openreplay.com/building-an-astro-website-with-wordpress-as-a-headless-cms/" />

</CardGrid>

:::note[Have a resource to share?]

> If you found (or made!) a helpful video or blog post about converting a WordPress site to Astro, edit this page and add it here!

Author: ```suggestion
If you found (or made!) a helpful video or blog post about converting a WordPress site to Astro, [add it to this list](https://github.com/withastro/docs/edit/main/src/content/docs/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-wordpress.mdx)!
```

## Community Resources

<CardGrid>

>   <LinkCard title="Goodbye Wordpress, hello Astro!" href="https://trib.tv/posts/2025/wordpress-to-astro/" />
>   <LinkCard title="How and Why I Moved My Blog from WordPress to Astro and Markdown" href="https://levelup.gitconnected.com/how-and-why-i-moved-my-blog-from-wordpress-to-astro-and-markdown-3549672d5a86" />
>   <LinkCard title="Why I switched from WordPress to Astro" href="https://dev.to/fratzinger/why-i-switched-from-wordpress-to-astro-5ge)" />
>   <LinkCard title="Shattering Headless WordPress Build Times with Astro’s Content Layer API" href="https://andrewkepson.com/blog/headless-wordpress/build-time-astro-content-layer-api/)" />
>   <LinkCard title="Building an Astro Website with WordPress as a Headless CMS" href="https://blog.openreplay.com/building-an-astro-website-with-wordpress-as-a-headless-cms/" />
>   <LinkCard title="Building a Headless WordPress Site with Astro" href="https://wpengine.com/builders/building-headless-wordpress-site-astro/" />
>   <LinkCard title="How I Migrated from Wordpress to Astro" href="https://itsthatlady.dev/blog/migrate-from-wordpress-to-astro/" />
>   <LinkCard title="How to Set Up a Headless WordPress Site with Astro" href="https://dev.to/mathiasahlgren/how-to-set-up-a-headless-wordpress-site-with-astro-3a2h" />
>   <LinkCard title="Build a static site with WordPress and Astro" href="https://kinsta.com/blog/wordpress-astro/" />
>   <LinkCard title="Building an E-commerce Website with Headless WordPress and Astro" href="https://shaxadd.medium.com/building-an-e-commerce-website-with-headless-wordpress-and-astro-2712d8c8b735" />
>   <LinkCard title="Why I ditched WordPress for Astro" href="https://vbartalis.xyz/en/blog/why-i-ditched-wordpress-for-astro-js/" />
>   <LinkCard title="How I Migrated From Wordpress to Astro: Boosted Pagespeed Scores to 100% and Cut 100% Hosting cost" href="https://devaradise.com/wordpress-to-static-website-astro/" />
>   <LinkCard title="How to Convert a Wordpress blog to an Astro Static Site" href="https://blog.okturtles.org/2024/10/convert-wordpress-to-static-site/" />
>   <LinkCard title="How I migrated from WordPress to Astro" href="https://itsthatlady.dev/blog/migrate-from-wordpress-to-astro/" />
>   <LinkCard title="WordPress to Astro site conversion" href="https://share.transistor.fm/s/d86496cd" />
>   <LinkCard title="Going Headless WordPress with Astro" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MP2TR6Z_YTc" />
>   <LinkCard title="Make a Headless WordPress Site with Astro" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54U7dVmhyxE" />
>   <LinkCard title="WPEngine Astro Headless WordPress Starter Demo" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BcoxZZIfESI" />
>   <LinkCard title="DeWP: utility to use your WordPress data in Astro projects" href="https://delucis.github.io/dewp/" />
>   <LinkCard title="Astro + WPGraphQL for more secure WordPress sites" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWxn-r83ygQ" />
>   <LinkCard title="WordPress Headless with Astro - Installing Astro and Fetching posts with WP-GraphQL" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2PSqABrME28" />
>   <LinkCard title="Headless WordPress with Astro – Build a Simple Blog from Scratch with Tailwind CSS" href="https://fullstackdigital.io/blog/headless-wordpress-with-astro-build-a-simple-blog/" />
>   <LinkCard title="Leveraging WordPress as a Headless CMS for Your Astro Website: API Configuration & Data Fetching" href="https://medium.com/@bangemann.dev/configure-wordpress-rest-api-setup-data-fetching-4af5161095f6" />
>   <LinkCard title="Astro vs. WordPress: Rendering Patterns of the Modern Web" href="https://andrewkepson.com/blog/headless-wordpress/astro-vs-wordpress-rendering-patterns/" />

Reviewer: I haven't checked the dates to see if there is a better ordering but I reorganized the links to find a better balance (based on blank space) that would work both on desktop and iPad (using Firefox dev tools) I think:
```suggestion
  <LinkCard title="Goodbye Wordpress, hello Astro!" href="https://trib.tv/posts/2025/wordpress-to-astro/" />
  <LinkCard title="Why I switched from WordPress to Astro" href="https://dev.to/fratzinger/why-i-switched-from-wordpress-to-astro-5ge)" />
  <LinkCard title="How and Why I Moved My Blog from WordPress to Astro and Markdown" href="https://levelup.gitconnected.com/how-and-why-i-moved-my-blog-from-wordpress-to-astro-and-markdown-3549672d5a86" />
  <LinkCard title="Shattering Headless WordPress Build Times with Astro’s Content Layer API" href="https://andrewkepson.com/blog/headless-wordpress/build-time-astro-content-layer-api/)" />
  <LinkCard title="Building an Astro Website with WordPress as a Headless CMS" href="https://blog.openreplay.com/building-an-astro-website-with-wordpress-as-a-headless-cms/" />
  <LinkCard title="Building a Headless WordPress Site with Astro" href="https://wpengine.com/builders/building-headless-wordpress-site-astro/" />
  <LinkCard title="How I Migrated from Wordpress to Astro" href="https://itsthatlady.dev/blog/migrate-from-wordpress-to-astro/" />
  <LinkCard title="How to Set Up a Headless WordPress Site with Astro" href="https://dev.to/mathiasahlgren/how-to-set-up-a-headless-wordpress-site-with-astro-3a2h" />
  <LinkCard title="Build a static site with WordPress and Astro" href="https://kinsta.com/blog/wordpress-astro/" />
  <LinkCard title="Why I ditched WordPress for Astro" href="https://vbartalis.xyz/en/blog/why-i-ditched-wordpress-for-astro-js/" />
  <LinkCard title="DeWP: utility to use your WordPress data in Astro projects" href="https://delucis.github.io/dewp/" />
  <LinkCard title="How to Convert a Wordpress blog to an Astro Static Site" href="https://blog.okturtles.org/2024/10/convert-wordpress-to-static-site/" />
  <LinkCard title="Headless WordPress with Astro – Build a Simple Blog from Scratch with Tailwind CSS" href="https://fullstackdigital.io/blog/headless-wordpress-with-astro-build-a-simple-blog/" />
  <LinkCard title="Building an E-commerce Website with Headless WordPress and Astro" href="https://shaxadd.medium.com/building-an-e-commerce-website-with-headless-wordpress-and-astro-2712d8c8b735" />
  <LinkCard title="How I migrated from WordPress to Astro" href="https://itsthatlady.dev/blog/migrate-from-wordpress-to-astro/" />
  <LinkCard title="WordPress to Astro site conversion" href="https://share.transistor.fm/s/d86496cd" />
  <LinkCard title="Going Headless WordPress with Astro" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MP2TR6Z_YTc" />
  <LinkCard title="Make a Headless WordPress Site with Astro" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54U7dVmhyxE" />
  <LinkCard title="WPEngine Astro Headless WordPress Starter Demo" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BcoxZZIfESI" />
  <LinkCard title="Astro + WPGraphQL for more secure WordPress sites" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWxn-r83ygQ" />
  <LinkCard title="Astro vs. WordPress: Rendering Patterns of the Modern Web" href="https://andrewkepson.com/blog/headless-wordpress/astro-vs-wordpress-rendering-patterns/" />
  <LinkCard title="WordPress Headless with Astro - Installing Astro and Fetching posts with WP-GraphQL" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2PSqABrME28" />
  <LinkCard title="How I Migrated From Wordpress to Astro: Boosted Pagespeed Scores to 100% and Cut 100% Hosting cost" href="https://devaradise.com/wordpress-to-static-website-astro/" />
  <LinkCard title="Leveraging WordPress as a Headless CMS for Your Astro Website: API Configuration & Data Fetching" href="https://medium.com/@bangemann.dev/configure-wordpress-rest-api-setup-data-fetching-4af5161095f6" />
```

Author: Excellent, this is exactly what I meant by looking for "strategic ordering" -- make 'em look good/balanced, but also make "catchier" or more "valuable" links easy to discover. Thank you for taking a pass at this! (Like I said, I was having connectivity issues with my dev server and couldn't even LOOK at anything, so I just got all the content we needed in, assuming we'd polish after.)

Reviewer: Oh okay, so yes I haven't checked every link to see what is more valuable! I only looked at the spacing using both desktop and iPad view because line breaks can change the display between the two. If you want, I can try to look at this tomorrow (for me) to see if some links should be moved up.

Reviewer: I updated my suggestion:
* I checked the date of the posts/videos to put the most recent ones first (as they should be less outdated) then find a balance that should be okay on desktop/iPad (there is just one link a bit long on iPad view but I don't think this is too annoying)
* I fixed two links that used `)` at the end, so invalid
* I removed a duplicated link (`itsthatlady.dev`)
* I lowered a little the `blog.okturtles.org` link because while this is from 2024 it's using `Astro.glob` so not the most interesting resource...
* I haven't checked to content of the videos to order them

Author: Amazing, thank you! I'll commit so it's live, and if anyone wants to suggest anything different, they are free to!
